feat(changelog): transactional-email-fixed-periodic-report-duplication 2025-01-29 (#4314)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/january2025/2025-01-29-transactional-email-fixed-periodic-report-duplication.mdx

---
title: Periodic report duplication
status: fixed
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #transactional-email channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2025-01-29
category: managed-services
product: transactional-email
---

> We've resolved an issue where some clients received multiple reports per project. The periodic report now sends correctly as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have resolved an issue where some clients received multiple reports per Project. The periodic report is now being sent correctly, as expected.
```
